Beginning
You are surrounded by a lush green forest, closed in by trees that reach towards the sky.
There are two paths extending to your left and right.
To the left, you can hear running water. To the right you can barely make out a set of footprints. 
It will be dark soon. If you don't have water, food, and shelter. . .
(1) Go left
(2) Go right
@
Clearing
After following the faint path of footsteps on the ground, you reach a clearing with a small house at its center.
The shutters on the house are closed, and no light can be seen coming from inside.
The footsteps seem to continue heading towards the trees to your left, away from the house. 
(1) Enter the house
(2) Follow the footsteps
@
River
After following the sound of running water through the thick forest, you finally reach a river.

F O U N D: Water!

The water seems to be clean, as the currents are moving quickly. You still need to find shelter and food.
The ground is steep heading upstream, and you can't quite see where it goes. 
(1) Cross the river
(2) Walk upstream
@
Upstream
The terrain slowly becomes steeper and it is difficult to continue. However, knowing you still must find food and shelter,
you manage to cross it until you reach a sheer mountain face. Looking up, you can see that the mountain stretches towards the sky
above you, and a waterfall crashes down to the river. However, a thin wooden bridge extends across the river at this point.
On your other side, further along the side of the mountain face, there seems to be an indent in the wall.
(1) Investigate wall
(2) Cross bridge
@
InsideHouse
You slowly open the door, unsure what to expect. It is dark inside the house, 
but enough light comes through the shutters that you can barely make out the contents of the room.
There is a table and chairs in the center, along with a sofa and comfortable-looking chairs. 
The house seems to be abandoned. There is a closed door to your left. 

F O U N D: Shelter! 

Knowing you can find shelter here when you need to, it is safe to explore further.
(1) Open door
(2) Leave house
@
Bedroom
You throw open the door, in case somebody is inside. The room is empty except for a bed with minimal coverings.
As you walk further into the room, you notice something is under the bed. 
(1) Look under bed
(2) Leave house 
@
Cave
After following the side of the mountain face until you reach the indent, you see that there is a narrow opening 
in the wall that opens up into a cave that is so dark you can't see. Walking in closer, you realize that the cave
is stable and dry.

F O U N D: Shelter!

(1) Explore further into cave
(2) Go back to cross bridge
@
DeepCave
You walk further into the darkness, and the more you walk, the less you can see.
You brush against something--but it's too dark to see anything at all.
Suddenly, you're thrown backwards by some unseen force. This cave is not your domain.
@
Bridge
The bridge is long and stretches a long way to the far side of the river. As you are crossing,
one of the wooden planks of the bridge falls into the river, but you continue on. 
When you finally reach the other side, you can clearly see a path. Following it, you find
trees full with fruit. You can easily reach it.

F O U N D: Food!

@
RiverDeath
You step into the river, thinking the current is slow enough to pass. However, you immediately
lose your footing and are pulled with great force off your feet and into the river. Perhaps
you've bitten off more than you can chew.
@
TrapDoor
When you look underneath the bed, an irregularity in the floorboards is visible. Upon closer
examination, you find that there is a door with a ladder underneath, leading underground. 
Unable to control your curiosity, you climb down the ladder. You realize you are in a storage room,
perhaps some kind of safe house. To your shock and awe, you see you are surrounded with canned goods
of every kind imaginable!

F O U N D: Food!

Seeing that there are no other exits, you take some food with you and return to the clearing outside the house.
(1) Follow footsteps
(2) Follow path back to the beginning
@
Footsteps
After following the footsteps for a while, you realize that the trees are beginning to close in on you.
In fact, it's almost getting too dark to see. The footsteps can no longer be seen and you are left wandering 
around the forest aimlessly. No food or water can be found, and soon enough it is pitch black. 
There is nothing left to do. You are left to your fate in the dark forest.
@



